1. What is the difference between a generator and a function?

In JavaScript, a generator is a special type of function that can be paused and resumed, allowing it to generate a series of values over time. On the other hand, a regular function is executed from start to finish, returning a single value or performing some side effects along the way.

Here are some key differences between a generator and a regular function in JavaScript:

Execution: When a regular function is called, it runs from start to finish, executing each statement in order until it reaches a return statement or the end of the function. In contrast, a generator function can be paused and resumed at any point during its execution, allowing it to generate a sequence of values over time.

Yielding: A generator function uses the yield keyword to pause its execution and return a value to the caller. When the generator is resumed, it picks up where it left off and continues executing until it reaches another yield statement or the end of the function.

Iteration: Generators are often used to create iterators, which are objects that produce a sequence of values one at a time. Each time the iterator's next() method is called, the generator resumes execution and generates the next value in the sequence.

In summary, while regular functions execute from start to finish and return a single value or perform some side effects, generators can be paused and resumed, allowing them to generate a sequence of values over time. Generators are often used to create iterators, which produce a sequence of values one at a time.


2. What is the syntax of a generator?

function* myGenerator() {
  yield 1;
  yield 2;
  yield 3;
}



const gen = myGenerator();
console.log(gen.next()); // {value: 1, done: false}
console.log(gen.next()); // {value: 2, done: false}
console.log(gen.next()); // {value: 3, done: false}
console.log(gen.next()); // {value: undefined, done: true}


3. Are function generators iterable in JavaScript?

Yes, generator functions in JavaScript are iterable, which means you can use them with a for...of loop or any other method that works with iterables.

When you call a generator function, it returns an iterator object that can be used to iterate over the sequence of values generated by the function. You can use the iterator's next() method to generate the next value in the sequence, or you can use a for...of loop to iterate over all the values at once.

Here's an example of using a generator function with a for...of loop:

function* myGenerator() {
  yield 1;
  yield 2;
  yield 3;
}

for (const value of myGenerator()) {
  console.log(value);
}




